Title: MathCanvas

Author: James Reyes - jlreyes

Website: http://math-canvas.com

Overview: http://math-canvas.com/overview

Intro
===============================================================================
Math Canvas is a project done for Carnegie Mellon's 15-237 Cross-Platform Mobile
Web Apps class. You can find the course webpage at http://www.cs.cmu.edu/~237/

Because this is a cross-platform mobile web app it works both on iOS and Android
devices, and theoretically, any semi-modern browser.

Running
================================================================================
1. Run a redis server (http://redis.io/)
2. node webserver.js
3. node socketserver.js

Building
================================================================================
There are build.sh files scatterred throughout the project. They build various
things depending on the folder they are in.

Project Layout
===============================================================================
For more information about a file, each file contains a description of
itself (some more detailed than others) at its top.

<pre>
mathcanvas/
    socketserver.js - The socket server
    webserverer.js - The web server
    mockups/
        This folder contains mockups/storyboards for the application.
    lib/
        Globals.js - Globals for the web server
        Util.js - Utility functions for the web and socket server
        DbClient.js - Module to communicate with the database. Contains
                      all necessary functions used by the socket and web
                      server to read and write from the redis database.
        JsonResponse - Contains a JsonResponse class that we use in our
                       JSON api.
        commands/
            room.js - Our JSON api for room commands
            session.js - Our JSON api for session commands
    static/
        private/
            (Future site of private files. Since everything is done via AJAX,
             there is no need for private files at the moment)
        public/
            index.html - The root html file for mathcanvas
            style/
                normalize.css - Normalizer for css
                page-chat-mobile.css - Special css for the mobile chat page
                page-room-mobile.css - Special css for the mobile room page
                index.css - Contains application framework css including all
                            the styling used by each page. Generated by
                            index/index.scss
                icons/
                    (Contains icons for the application).
            pages/
                (This folder contains the code and html for each page within
                 the application. To keep things general, I will list a
                 barebones example)
                <pagename>/
                    build.sh - Automatically compiles the typescript and
                               html template.
                    page.js - The compiled page script. This contains all
                              scripts used in the application concatenated
                              into one file.
                    page.js.map - Source map mapping the page.js source code
                                  to its corresponding typescript file. For
                                  debugging.
                    template.js - The compiled dust templates (compiled from
                                  page-<pagename>-<devic>.html)
                    scripts/
                        imports.ts - All typescript files include this and
                                     this include all typescript files. This
                                     makes compiling sane.
                        <Pagename>Page.ts - The typescript page file.
                        <Pagename>View.ts - The typescript PageView file for
                                            this page.
                        views/
                            <Pagename>MobileView.ts - The mobile version of
                                                      the PageView
                lib/
                    (This folder contains library typescript definition files)
            scripts/
                app.js - The application framework. Contains all the code
                         needed to run an app with my framework.
                app.js.map - Sourcemap mapping app.js source code to its
                             typescript source code.
                init.js - Starts the application, setting everything necessary
                          up.
                lib/
                    (This folder contains the libraries used by my app )
                app/
                    (This folder contains the typescript for my application
                     framework)
                     build.sh - Builds the app framework, copying over the
                                declaration file output to the page library
                                folder
                     app.ts - The app class
                     page.ts - Page class
                     pageview.ts - The page's view class
                     dialog.ts - Dialog class including the SimpleDialog class
                                 and the SelectDialog class.
                     intent.ts - Intent class (used for starting pages)
                     socket.ts - Socket class (takes care of socket connection)
                     template.ts - Dust template class.
                     declarations/
                        (This folder contains type declaration files used by
                         this app)
                     modules/
                        contants.ts - Contants for the application.
                        globals.ts - Global variables for the application.
                        pagetransitioner.ts - Module containing functions
                                              that transition from one page
                                              to the next.
                        util.ts - Contains utility functions used in the app
                     templates/
                        (This folder contains library html dust templates)
</pre>
    
Note about the project layout:
Throughout the project you will see "mobile" within filenames. This is because
I have built the project so that it should be easy to expand to desktop or
tablet if I ever have the desire. Mostly everything is done with a MVC or MV
structure so that I simply have to create a implement a new view (or in many
cases, simply implement a new template) in order for the app to work on said
device.

License
===============================================================================
This work is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported
License. To view a copy of this license, visit 
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/.
